# travel-in-Kenya
Documenting places to go and things to see in Kenya.

## How to get to Kenya
* *Visas*: Have $50 USD ready on arrival for a single entry visa. Your passport needs a free page for this. You will be given a visa application and customs form on the flight over. The visa application look [something like this](http://kenyahighcommission.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/form-22-1.pdf). So be sure to have that information ready upon arrival. You will see two lines: one for "e-visa" and the other for visa on arrival (last time I did this it was the line on the far right). Be sure _not_ to stand in the "e-visa" line because you are in the wrong one if you do! They will send you to the back of the line you're supposed to be in (which can be very long!) if you're in the wrong one.
* *Trusted taxis*: It's advisable to arrange a taxi for pick-up through your hotel or to use Uber (unless I'm coming to pick you up then you're all set). I've actually taken taxis from the airport that I didn't arrange previously twice and didn't have any problems. It's just a bit more expensive but works in case of emergency; it seems like the taxis stationed at the airport are vetted.
* *Hotels in Nairobi:* See the [nairobi.md](https://github.com/Ntkrell/travel-in-Kenya/blob/master/nairobi.md) document for some recommended hotels. 
* *Malaria, Vaccines, etc.*: I'd recommend seeing a travel doctor 6-8 weeks in advance of your trip. The travel doctor will make sure you have all the right vaccinations and can prescribe you Malarone, Cipro, etc. If you are traveling anywhere outside of Nairobi or Nanyuki, you might want to get a prescription for malaria, e.g. Malarone.